yo what's up guys and welcome back to
brand new video here on my channel and
in today's video i'm going to show you
how to actually reduce your input delay
in games in 2021 i'm just going to show
you over how to actually reduce your
input delay on mouse and keyboard and
controller so don't be worried i get you
both covered and i just want to mention
this real quick guys please make sure to
follow me on twitter i'm super super
active there announcing streams and all
the good stuff boys and i'm actually
also following a ton of you guys back on
twitter so therefore please make sure to
check the link out in the description as
well and for any produce let's get
straight into this topic
so yeah guys and in the first place what
i want you to do is click on the first
link in description where you can find
my discord guys where we have over 30
000 active members as well which you can
help your litchi 24 7 and there you can
get this latest latency pack here on my
discord just simply download it and drag
it onto your desktop and then afterwards
just simply open it up here and you can
already see that we got mouse and
keyboard latency memory duct gpu power
management and control latency and as
you can see i already split it here into
mice and keyboard and controller as well
so i get you all covered don't even
worry and we first of all gonna take a
look at mouse and keyboard latency and
here in this folder guys we already got
a full on registry tweak for our
keyboard so we just simply gonna double
click onto it and press here onto yes to
actually change it here it's just gonna
tell you that the values are going to
get changed but since i already did it
i'm going to press you know obviously
guys and then we're also going to move
over to mouse and then we get the same
here those are just like most and
keyboard tweaks for the lowest amounts
of latency which are already fully
optimized here for windows 10 and 11 so
don't be right guys it works for which
both of them and here again guys we're
just gonna click onto it and press yes
but i'm gonna click you know because i
already applied it and it would just
double up you know and i don't wanna
mess around too much with my windows and
then next up you can see guys that we
got filter keys in here and settings and
first of all what i want you to do is
click on the settings and there you can
see now a screenshot of my filter key
settings which are the best in my
opinion we have ignore under on zero
milliseconds repeat delay on 150
milliseconds and repeat rate on 25 and
on the right side we only have on and
available on so what we want to do is
click on the filter keys actually on the
axle and let it run in the background
and now we can just simply like straight
up copy all the values in here which
would be 0 150 and 25 and here on the
right side we're just gonna deactivate
those four here and set the track here
onto on as well and now we're just going
to click on to apply and everything is
applied correctly guys just simply let
filter keys run in the background this
is better than timer set resolution 100
so therefore yeah just let it run while
launching actually fortnite in the
background and we're already done here
with the first folder which is for mass
and keyboard latency so yeah guys and
next up we're going to take a look at
gpu power management and then we have a
few simple tweaks in here just to make
sure that you get the least amount of
latency and especially since your gpa is
the most important factor when it comes
down to how long it takes before a frame
gets fully rendered in fortnite and then
gets displayed on your monitor i get a
few simple tweaks here just to make sure
that your gpu is running at 100
so please again click onto these here
and press simply yes here i already did
both of them so i'm just gonna press you
know but yeah all you guys have to do is
just simply open it up here press yes
and both of these should be applied 100
and with that said we're already done
here with this step and we're going to
close it okay guys now we're going to
take a look at the controller latency
file here so we're just going to simply
open it up and as you can see in there
we have usb polling rate so we're just
going to click onto it go into driver
and go into setup and what this program
pretty much does is we can change the
amount of hurts our devices have and a
thousand hertz polling rate is obviously
better than 500 or 250 so therefore what
we're going to do is go here onto this
top menu under devices and click onto
all and then we can already see here my
xbox gaming device this is my normal
xbox controller which is right now
plugged into my pc and what we want to
do is select our controller guys and go
here actually on the pulling rate and
we're gonna put it to a thousand and go
into install service and as you can see
like a small window just opened up real
quick and it should be now installed and
it should be set and now what you wanna
do is click on to restart guys and just
make sure that your controller is
actually set to 1000 megahertz rate but
as you can see my controller was already
set to a thousand hertz polling rate so
therefore nothing to change here
obviously but yeah if you get like a new
controller or your current controller
you know and you just want to make sure
that it's running on a 1000 hertz
pulling rate which is obviously the best
one for the least amount of latency just
make sure to go here onto 1000 you know
in this drop-down menu go into install
service and then later press restart and
then your controller should be set to
1000 hertz pulling rate and once you're
done with that you're just simply going
to close this program and we're done
here as well and then we're just going
to take a look at timer set resolution i
know i said that filter keys is better
than timer set resolution but sadly
filter keys only works for keyboard so
therefore you got to use timer set
resolution for your controller and once
we open it up here guys just simply drag
it probably which would be like the best
one on your desktop so you don't delete
it accidentally and yet once we launch
actually timer set resolution we're just
going to click it onto maximum and if
you guys have the same issue as me right
now that it says 0.499
this means that your timer set
resolution is not working 100
so what you want to do is open up the
file again here and in there we have a
text command which is called timer
resolution comments and we're just
simply going to open it up and then go
into a windows search bar and type in
cmd until we find the comment prompt
right click onto it and run it actually
as an administrator and what you want to
do now guys is actually copy both of
these comments here one by one into the
cmd press enter and then copy the second
one press enter as well and now we
successfully applied all the changes
we're gonna close this and now as we
launch timer set resolution and actually
press on to maximum you can see that
it's set now to 0.500
so it's working 100 correctly now and
we're just going to minimize it while
playing fortnite in the background and
this is going to reduce your latency
even more on controller and for the
final step guys we're going to take a
look at mem reduct and i already
reviewed this program and it's really
good in my opinion because all you guys
have to do is just simply go through the
installation process here real quick i'm
just going to go for everything
installed obviously here on our pc and
once we launched memory that guys we can
see exactly how much physical and
virtual memory we have right now here on
our pc and as you guys can see i
currently have 16 gigs of ram in my pc
because i just literally did a benchmark
like usually i'm running 32 but i
reduced it here to 16 and you can see
that 41 are getting used right now this
means that we have only 9.29 gigabyte
rest available and what's so bad about
this is that your ram standby list is
also going to get filled up with
literally temporary files and once this
reaches to 100 you're gonna lose fps and
get huge insane fps drops so therefore
what we're gonna do is click onto file
and onto settings and now we can go here
onto memory cleaning and you can already
see that we can type in here a certain
percentage let's just say memory
management clean when above in
percentage 90
and this is probably the best one if
your ram standby list goes above 90 this
program is just gonna clean your ram and
therefore gonna speed up your pc and
actually give you less latency in games
guys so therefore just simply put it on
clean when above 90
or you can also put in a certain time
let's just say you want to clean it
every 30 minutes which is probably too
much in my opinion guys because yeah you
can definitely play at least like an
hour without like having to worry about
it and what's so cool about this program
is that you just have to type in a
percentage you don't have to do the math
for yourself and calculate so therefore
just simply put it on like 90 and then
you can close it and let it simply run
in the background and enjoy having less
latency over the time when playing
longer and as a quick extra tip guys i
just want to give you here real quick is
actually if you have multiple devices
plugged into a pc let's just say you
have like multiple monitors on your pc
like a lot of people actually like have
two or three monitors try to unplug
everything which is unnecessary if you
have two keyboards plugged into a pc and
the one just like for the looks you know
it looks cool rgb it's fancy i get it
but please maybe try to actually like
disable it from your pc while playing
because all these extra devices guys
actually put on a huge workload on your
pc and actually increase your latency
and games so therefore if you actually
want to have the least amount of latency
in games please make sure to disable all
the unnecessary devices from your pc it
only takes a few seconds and it actually
makes such a huge difference and yeah
guys this is it for today's video if you
enjoyed it please don't forget to leave
a like and subscribe to my channel
that's what happened so so much and if
you still have any more questions feel
free to ask me them down in the comment
section as well i try to answer as many
as possible and with that said have a
great day have a great night whenever
you're watching this and until next time
stay awesome imart peace
[Music]